Not good, it's the provincial repair police, hahaha.
What a shock!
Don't come here
Or I'll kill him
Get me a car right away
Why are you still standing at the door?
Still don't admit it, do you?
Hahaha
I did it
Miss Shen
You are just a wandering outside
Orphans for more than ten years
If my dad hadn't saved you
You're still in a cage with those beasts
Do you eat dry water?
What an animal you are!
You dare to touch your grandma
Hahahaha
I am the only reporter in Shunjiang
But the old woman
I have become so fond of you
Since you are so biased
Then you will die with him
court death
Miss Su is back
Then there's no need for you to live
Mr. Shen, don't kill anyone
You have to stop killing people.
You let go
I have seen your life form
If you cut blood again
You will be killed by the night battle
Am I not afraid of death?
But I'm afraid
Mr. Shen, I don't want you to die, don't kill him
I have a way to find your mother
How?
I gave him a snack
We can use him to cover Shen Changzong's words
Ok hmm
It's just going to happen, but that's okay.
This is the opposite
Compared with the reverse incident caused by the murder of Shen Xiu police
Not worth mentioning at all
God help me
This man spends every day trying to kill himself
How have I survived this year?